README.md, before:

# OmniFocus Plugins

By [Josh Hughes](http://josh-hughes.com)

This is the beginning of a collection of plugins for OmniFocus.

- **Set Review Date**: A plugin that prompts you for a date, and makes that date the new review date for all projects.
- **Toggle Tag**: Allows you to toggle a tag on tasks and projects, with an option to remove sibling tags on add if you have a tag group where you would like there to be only one of the set. You can duplicate this plugin multiple times for multiple tags.

## Installation Instructions

- Be using at least OmniFocus 3.8.
- [Download and unzip this repository](https://github.com/deaghean/omnifocus-plugins/archive/master.zip).
- **On Mac**: Go to **Automation** > **Plug-Ins...**, and right-click on either "On My Mac" or "OmniFocus in iCloud Drive" and choose "Reveal in Finder". Move the plugin files you want to that folder.
- **On iOS**: The plugin options are all under **Settings** > **Configure Plug-Ins**, but placing the plugin files in iCloud Drive in the **OmniFocus** > **Plug-Ins** folder should do the trick.

----

Feedback and suggestions are welcome, and I'm happy to answer any questions. I can be reached at [josh@josh-hughes.com](mailto:josh@josh-hughes.com).

Commit message:

Add Generate Toggle Tag Plugin

README.md, after:

# OmniFocus Plugins

By [Josh Hughes](http://josh-hughes.com)

This is the beginning of a collection of plugins for OmniFocus.

- **Set Review Date**: (SetReviewDate.omnifocusjs) A plugin that prompts you for a date, and makes that date the new review date for all projects.
- **Toggle Tag**: (ToggleTag.omnijs) Allows you to toggle a tag on tasks and projects, with an option to remove sibling tags on add if you have a tag group where you would like there to be only one of the set. You can duplicate this plugin multiple times for multiple tags.
- **Generate Toggle Tag Plugin**: (GenerateToggleTagPlugin.omnijs) This plugin generates a Toggle Tag plugin that contains your entire tag library as options.

## Installation Instructions

- Be using at least OmniFocus 3.8.
- [Download and unzip this repository](https://github.com/deaghean/omnifocus-plugins/archive/master.zip).
- **On Mac**: Go to **Automation** > **Plug-Ins...**, and right-click on either "On My Mac" or "OmniFocus in iCloud Drive" and choose "Reveal in Finder". Move the plugin files you want to that folder.
- **On iOS**: The plugin options are all under **Settings** > **Configure Plug-Ins**, but placing the plugin files in iCloud Drive in the **OmniFocus** > **Plug-Ins** folder should do the trick.

----

Feedback and suggestions are welcome, and I'm happy to answer any questions. I can be reached at [josh@josh-hughes.com](mailto:josh@josh-hughes.com).
